hello there Margie welcome guys to
episode 888 of Minecraft and i'm using
this simpsons mod as you can already
tell I am using the Simpsons mod now
this is a work in progress with some
sort of weird and abstract things now we
have all the cast members or the key
cast members featuring Homer but I like
but everyone Pete peeve I have about
this is that they didn't use the correct
sort of blue for his pants that's it my
only warning now let's go see Bart's
face it'll have kind of crazy faces now
but is a troublemaker he likes to run
around and run amuck and none of the
other characters seem to run as much as
bort or bots and this Homer face there
we go okay well he's very hyperactive
now we also have Lisa there we go let me
see there we go we got nice Lisa you can
see in the top of their head they have a
nice crown like they do in in the actual
series and here we have Marge time the
weed hairdo her hairdo actually moves is
a separate entity between a head which
is kind of cool sometimes it's out of
place and sometimes it pops back into
place aren't you very she looks like
she's glad there's a perfect example of
that and it sort of moves back into
place yeah she looks like she's glazed
or something I see she's had a bit too
much to drink and of course we have the
Magic School Bus
although maggie is not it hasn't even
appeared yet in this mod we have the
elementary school bus or the Springfield
bus you can't actually control it and
it's just like I'm a bus imma stay here
i'ma do nothing just spin around that's
all this bus does that's basically what
all this mod does now it also includes a
couple of items a cane of beam a donut a
chocolate bar and also a steering wheel
now though no there we go if you use a
steering wheel no calm down bus now the
bus will actually drive for you see I'm
inside I'm a happy passenger he's
actually taking me to school I have no
idea I don't think he even knows where
the school is here I think he's kind of
stuck in the water we went on
he's like one of them aqueducts a god
what have you done you are the worst you
are the worst bus driver Otto needs
needs a we need a new bus driver Otto
just bailed on us let's go use the
steering wheel now these don't have any
crafting recipes they can only be found
in an actual creative mode since this
mod is a work in progress and you can
see that is kind of funky kind of fun
and I don't really recommend you guys
install this I thought this was gonna be
a funny so the video but Oh God look at
him go again he's this is a crazy bus
driver it looks like I'm driving it but
I'm not driving it I'm not even holding
the mouse and keyboard anymore he's just
doing its thing it's going under water
in this oasis one thing that the mod
developer might want to include is
actually set tasks for your Simpsons to
do so for example Lisa can harvest
Reed's to create books because she likes
making books how am i can collect be or
create a new crop of brewery and he can
build Duff Marge can cook me meals and
bake bacon and boar tour but can if you
guys don't know what bort is it's one of
one of the episodes and Susan's I'm sure
this is gonna be a lot of people saying
you're not saying but right
alright its but not bored alright but
well I like I like to call him bored
hyperactive he is he's he's a climber
now he's hyperactive my suggestion might
be that he likes to slay mobs and there
we go you can actually train him and
level them up and have your Simpsons
family living happily ever after now
that's that's one way the mod can
progress there are multiple ways that
this mod can progress such as the Magic
School Bus that is still closed the
Magic School Bus but you can see it's it
thinks it's a aqua whale of some sorts
but this is getting really weird now and
I'm gonna push
Lisa into this pond no go in the pond
there we go
have fun sweetie well that was very bad
wish but thank you guys for watching
don't forget to rate comment and
subscribe and we're going to rate this
mod absolutely because it is a work in
progress oh it does look all that shabby
but if the recommendations
like I said do you actually come through
they'll be kind of awesome and I'll
definitely have to revisit maybe the
models need a little bit of tweaking I
maybe Bart's coloration of these pants
maybe a little tweak and that'd be
pretty cool and one thing that I want to
show you guys is homers two strands of
hair so if I go actually fly over here
and you can actually see this yeah here
we go buddy tubby Homer has his hair
actually quite a bit though actually
very generous with this backside portion
of it you should be happy Homer
have a nice day